[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
We're here once again
with Sheila Gillette
and the THEO group,
whom I will be talking with
about ancient civilizations
and future civilizations as well
as some of the opportunities
and challenges of present times.
And wild times these are.
Just before the camera
started rolling,
I said to the THEO
group, guys, thank you
for obliging me to go
on this wild ride today.
Because we're going
to go all over the map
and basically, as we
were talking about,
get a helicopter view
of some of the topics
that are concerning
people, but also,
some of our dreams, some
of what we'd like to see,
and some understanding
of way back when.
Because that's just--
>>SHEILA GILLETTE:
That sounds great.
>>REGINA: --poking its
head up today again.
Meanwhile, how is everything
going on the ground?
You're doing a lot of
channelings these days.
And what I've noticed
through the years
is that kind of--
themes start emerging.
>>GILLETTE: Well,
as you know, we
do a lot of mentoring classes.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes.
>>GILLETTE: And THEO
has brought forth
a program called soul
integration, which
is assisting people in
releasing or learning
how to release limiting
beliefs that keep them
from living lives they
really want to live and dream
about living.
And it's just our
limiting beliefs
that keep us from doing that,
thinking that we can't, we
don't have enough,
whatever it is, but also,
talking to individuals.
They're wanting to
up-level their lives.
They want to feel comfortable
in their own skin.
THEO has just started talking
about unconditional love.
And unconditional love, they
said, it's not a feeling.
It's a state of being.
And we thought that
was really interesting.
And exploring that, we found
out it's being soul centered,
feeling comfortable
in our own skin.
No matter what's happening
in our life, as they say,
being the eye of the hurricane.
Because in the hurricane,
the eye is very calm,
but the wind is
swirling about it.
And in our lives, it's
like that sometimes
with challenges and conditions.
But if we can stay calm,
we can respond to life
rather than react.
>>REGINA: And so as you
were talking about that--
about unconditional love
is a state of being--
and I was just-- what
flashed through my mind
is something years ago.
I interviewed the well-known
physicist and Professor William
Tiller--
Bill Tiller.
And he said that love is
the universal solvent.
And I thought, isn't that
a perfect way to put it?
It's the thing that
binds it altogether.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: And we forget.
We lose track of
that, of course.
So I think one of the things
I was curious about, too,
is when you were talking
about these limiting beliefs,
is if the THEO group
were to tell us--
now, I can ask them
directly along with this--
three pages of questions here--
what our life potential is,
what the potential of the human
being is if you strip away
all of these limiting beliefs.
What are we capable of and
we just won't believe it?
>>GILLETTE: Well,
what they tell us--
look what's happened in
just the last hundred
years, the momentum now that
we're in the fifth dimension,
and that it's more refined
vibration, that we're
ready to recognize the
master beings that we are,
that our souls larger than
we can possibly imagine,
and that we've chosen
this human experience,
this Earth suit to
navigate this planet,
but how exquisite it is.
And what's going to
be happening is just
this continued momentum
of up-leveling our lives
and our consciousness.
They said this is a time
of a shift of consciousness
never experienced before
in human experience.
They said the other
day in a retreat
that we did that when
we were living in--
those of us in different
times in history.
When somebody was living in the
medieval times, when they were
living it, they
weren't thinking, well,
I'm living in the
medieval times.
The description of that
came through history.
So they said this is
far beyond anything.
And someone asked, well,
what will this be called?
And they said it's
not history yet.
Historians will name it.
Many are calling it the New Age,
but they said this isn't new.
It's always been.
We're just being awakened to it.
>>REGINA: So what are the
dynamics that are in place now,
that are allowing people
to have theoretically
an explosion of awareness
and consciousness
if we're ready for it?
>>GILLETTE: It's the energy
of the fifth dimension.
And we're seeing
it in everything
that's happening in the world.
THEO talked about
this four decades ago
in the book, "The 5th Dimension
Channels to a New Reality."
They were talking about
this time right now.
>>REGINA: They were?
>>GILLETTE: And that we
would become more global.
And the political structures
throughout the world
will change.
>>REGINA: And we're
going to get into that
when we get THEO online here.
>>GILLETTE: And they
said there would
be a global economic structure.
And we know that's happening.
After 2008, we got to realize
how we are in a global economy
And they're encouraging us not
to be fearful of any of that.
There's so many people
that are fearful.
But they said we're one
species on this planet.
We're the human
species, and that there
is enough here for
all of us, and that we
should celebrate each other.
And the soul
integrative process--
they said if everybody would
do that and release beliefs
about themselves that
are simply untrue,
that we would all treat each
other with respect, and love,
and connectivity.
They say look when a
catastrophe happens.
What happens in the human--
we can see that now
with technology.
In an instant, we can see
where there's an earthquake.
>>REGINA: Our empathy
and compassion rises to--
>>GILLETTE: And everybody--
>>REGINA: --the surface.
>>GILLETTE: --wants to help.
The majority of human
beings on the planet
want to help each other.
We're collaborative,
not competitive.
So all of those old ways
of believing and thinking
are changing.
>>REGINA: Absolutely And
I think there's sometimes
some confusion when we're
talking about dimensions.
And let's just get into this.
When we're looking at our
multi-dimensional being,
being able to reach in to
fifth dimension consciousness,
that's not to say
that our planet here--
Earth has just crashed through
some dimensional shifts
physically.
And just explain
that difference.
Because sometimes people
get caught up in that
and not understanding the
difference between the two.
>>GILLETTE: Well,
what THEO says--
there's 12 dimensions around
the Earth, and it's all energy.
It's vibration and frequency,
and that our third dimension
is our physical reality.
The fourth has been the
spiritual awakening.
And by the way, this is my
50th year as you know in--
>>REGINA: Yes, in channeling.
>>GILLETTE: --this work.
So I have been witness to
these waves of awakening
that people have
been having through
their own personal experience.
Because as you know, Regina,
we are all connected.
We're not disconnected
beings from source.
We're just waking up,
that that didn't go away,
and that we can use
that connection.
And the fifth is that awareness.
Because the veils between
our multi-dimensionality
are thinner, that we can be
aware of that multi-dimensional
experience.
It's kind of the
law of electricity.
Electricity has always
been on this planet.
It took someone to figure
out how to harness it.
Now, it works the same--
>>REGINA: And distribute it.
Exactly.
>>GILLETTE: --all
over the world.
Well, the law of attraction,
the law of manifestation
that people call it is
always working as well--
has always been working.
We have what we have because
of how we think and speak.
If we change our minds,
we change our reality.
We change the
trajectory of our life.
And now, science is
aligning with that.
Joe Dispenza is talking
about-- and as THEO
has been talking about
laying new neural pathways
in our brain,
changing our minds,
so it changes how
we experience life.
So all of this is coming forth.
And THEO told us a long time
ago there were 12 dimensions.
And a couple of years
ago in "USA Today,"
we read in the science
section that science has now
discovered there are 11
dimensions about the Earth.
And Marcus asked about it.
And THEO said, well,
they just didn't ask us.
They'll find the 12th.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: I mean, that was--
>>GILLETTE: That was fun.
>>REGINA: It is.
And that's what's so interesting
about channeled work.
I mean, I too have had access
to it for a lot of years
and watched what
was being told then
and just now starting
to come into awareness
of the world of
science, for example.
It is.
It's exciting to see
these things become
known and manifest other than
in small esoteric circles.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: And another thing is
a lot of people see what you do.
And they think, God--
I mean, how did that happen?
Well, you went through a
really painful situation
around the birth of a child.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: You said,
please, let my child live.
I'll do whatever you want.
And boom.
It's like, OK, you're
working for us now, OK?
>>GILLETTE: Exactly.
>>REGINA: It was a
funny journey, too.
I mean, it was
interesting in that--
and this is where I
just start laughing.
When I first read your book--
I think before we ever knew
each other, I read the book,
before I knew you, of
course, and talking
about even playing with the
Ouija board, which is how I
started listening to guidance.
I was just playing
with the Ouija board,
and these weird things
started happening.
There's no one path for us
all that has to be taken.
There are a thousand paths
to this vertical integration
of learning to come
into companionship
and integrate with
the voice of the soul.
>>GILLETTE: Well--
and what THEO says
and what's been my
own experience--
it will come to you in a
way that's psychologically
and emotionally comfortable.
Because if it's not,
you'll just shut it down.
You'll become afraid.
And we learn differently.
The people learn either
visually or auditorily.
So typically, it's
been my experience
that when you open up,
it will come in the way
that you learn best.
People that are visionary
will see visions.
They will be clairvoyant.
People that are
auditory learners
will get inner mind
messages and clairaudience.
It's just-- and like I
said, over these years
that I've been doing the work,
and participating with people,
and mentoring people, I've
been watching that to be true.
And then it blossoms in to
all of the other senses.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
I mean, that was my
own experience of it.
I was just playing
with the Ouija board.
It was just play.
And things started happening.
And then it said go do
this and go do this.
And it kept becoming a
little more streamlined
until finally, it was just--
I was comfortable with
listening, seeing,
or whatever was brought up.
But I wouldn't probably
have felt comfortable
if some vision had just
blasted itself center
view without any warning.
So Ouija board is something
we knew about at the time.
>>GILLETTE: Yeah.
I did automatic writing.
>>REGINA: I did
after the Ouija board
said go do automatic writing.
>>GILLETTE: And then
trance spontaneously.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: That
was interesting.
But I had phenomena
happening internally--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: --externally as
we were sitting here talking
if spirit wanted to speak.
If the angels wanted
to talk, my chair
would physically shake as if
some very large person was
shaking me to say, I
need to talk to you now.
So I had to learn
from those experiences
that I could say, no, we have
an appointment at 10 o'clock.
We'll talk then.
Because our willpower-- and
this is-- a lot of people
are afraid something is
going to take them over.
Well, I didn't have a mentor.
I didn't have somebody
to tell me it was OK.
I had an angelic presence
that was teaching me.
And they told me that
I, my willpower, my soul
was in control of this.
And then I set the rules.
And that was--
>>REGINA: That was good
information to have.
>>GILLETTE: --very powerful.
And so I teach others that, too.
In fact, THEO said,
you're the courageous one.
You took a body.
We didn't.
>>REGINA: And that is so true.
And a lot of times we
get tripped up over that.
Because we give so much
credit to the other realms.
And they're saying,
oh, no, you guys
are doing it with sweat
and blood down there.
>>GILLETTE: Yeah.
Yeah.
And they also encourage us
to say this is your life.
And it's an honor and
privilege for them
as well as us to work together.
But there are precious
moments of life,
they told me, that you give
up in allowing us to speak.
And we appreciate that.
Because these moments
will never come again.
>>REGINA: And the value
of those moments--
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: --and
that these moments
should be self-directed.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: And that's
really the key.
So that said, I think that's a
wonderful primer for us to kind
of get in the mood to bring the
THEO group in to talk about all
these kind of massive
questions from the helicopter
bird's-eye view about society--
where we've been, where we're
headed, and some of the stuff
coming up right now.
And as--
>>GILLETTE: Sure.
>>REGINA: --I said
earlier, some of it is--
I'm going to bring up
a couple subjects that
are scary for people.
They don't know what's
going to happen--
and get THEO's
point of view on it.
And I know THEO is ordered
toward not panicking, not
going into fear.
And so that's why I'm going
to bring these topics up.
They'll tell us how not to be--
go into fear patterns
over these things
or what we can do
to ameliorate them.
>>GILLETTE: Great.
>>REGINA: That's sound OK?
>>GILLETTE: Absolutely.
All right.
>>REGINA: Well,
I'll see you later.
>>GILLETTE: OK,
we'll talk later.
Here we go.
It is the beginning, is it not?
>>REGINA: It is.
Thank you for joining
us here today, THEO.
As you already know, I have
oodles of questions for you.
And I want to start
at a place we've
been before, just
to kind of move
into right now and next year.
Several years ago
when I talked to you,
you spoke of the
changes that would
be coming up in the world
between the years of 2016
and 2020.
And indeed-- and we started
seeing massive shifts
politically around the
world beginning in 2016.
But when I spoke with
you recently off camera,
you said, oh, but
wait till 2020 comes.
Yesterday, I had another
guest that said, oh,
but wait till 2020
comes in terms
of a shift in consciousness.
Can you tell us what the year
2020, which is interesting--
2020 as our producer
pointed out--
20/20 vision-- what
2020 is, what it means.
And what can come from
it as a result of that?
>>GILLETTE: It's a combination
of awakened beings using
the gifts that they have--
their voice and in some
places, their vote, but mostly,
the voice in the world.
These changes come by the
people, not the politicians
as has been proven.
And so what you are witnessing
is this awakened voice
coming forth to what's
appropriate for the human
species on the planet.
It is not only the
country of which
you live, but
throughout the world,
an equalization for humanity.
>>REGINA: And it's
the frequencies
of our being able
to connect more
closely into the fifth
dimensional level
of consciousness that's
allowing this desire in us
to express itself now?
>>GILLETTE: Yes,
it is a recognition
of the divine essence that
each and every one of you are.
And in that expression,
an awareness of love,
what is the truth universally
of unconditional love,
so centered awareness.
>>REGINA: When we think of
that, of unconditional love,
we can kind of take it in a
lot of times on a feeling level
and definitely on a
sentimental level.
But when we think of
how love is the kind
of universal-based
energy field that's
going to operate under our
systems and institutions,
ultimately we start
thinking of, how
do you get this type of
unconditional love merged
with the basis for, say,
a new economic system?
Because it can and will happen.
But let's talk about
that a little bit.
We just skimmed through
politics really briefly.
I know you said 2020 should
be a wonderful year of even
more upheaval, right?
>>GILLETTE: One could
think of it as upheaval.
>>REGINA: Change, progression?
>>GILLETTE: That is a
preference, isn't it?
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>GILLETTE: We prefer to see the
change, the up-leveling, if you
would, of consciousness
bringing this change
for the good for all and
the ability for the apathy
to diminish.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: In that sense,
of each person taking
responsibility for their
own life experience
and that in the recognition
of beliefs about themselves
that are untrue, that
they are not worthy,
that there's not enough
of them, that one
is greater than another.
One is not greater than another.
Each of you is equal
in that divine essence.
And experiencing it and
bringing it forth with that love
allows ease of grace in life.
You walk through an
invisible barrier
that you may have been
experiencing, because you
didn't think you were enough.
And in that, it's not
conceit or narcissism.
It is a feeling of
centeredness that
allows for one to
know they can handle
whatever comes their way.
And whatever comes their way
changes with that knowledge.
>>REGINA: That is so true.
And of course, from
what you just said,
that sets the platform
for the question
that I am asking, which is--
and how is that as you see it
going to be expressing itself
in the new kind of economies
that will be given birth to
on Earth?
Because one of the things
people are most fearful about
is this thing that
I'm not worthy enough.
I'm not going to have enough.
How can I get more?
Because of that anxiety.
But the new economy
that we're going
to be giving birth to with
this new consciousness
looks very different.
Can you talk about
it a little bit?
>>GILLETTE: It does.
Money-- whatever the currency
might be that is used to pay
for goods and services--
it's just a tool, isn't it?
It has no power
in and of itself,
but it has power in the
beliefs of humankind, yes?
So you begin with beliefs.
What are your
beliefs about money?
Money will not go
where it's not loved.
That sounds amazing, doesn't it?
But what we mean by that--
when one realizes that they
are worthy of an abundant life,
that they deserve to have
the life they wish to live
and the amount of
money they desire,
it's different for
everybody, isn't it?
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>GILLETTE: So whatever that
is, that one can achieve it
by making it welcome,
taking it inside
to see if they could let it in.
Because those who do not have
money aren't letting it in.
Do you understand?
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>GILLETTE: And that
not letting it in
is the belief
structure that they
have that creates the barrier.
>>REGINA: That there are all
these steps that have to be
attained and so forth--
the beliefs of what
it takes in order
to be able to draw
that into one's life.
>>GILLETTE: It's
condition-based thinking.
>>REGINA: Yeah, absolutely.
>>GILLETTE: Common thinking.
We're encouraging you all to
step out of common thinking,
because you're working
with infinite resources,
infinite energy.
>>REGINA: And let's talk
about some of those systems
that will support this.
Because you and I
talked at another time
about the emergence of
things like cryptocurrencies,
where you're talking about
kind of digital currencies
that are being
created to support
something that supports
humanity, the Earth
culture on some level.
So there's more
of a consciousness
behind the origins of a lot of
these new-- and there are many
of them, this explosion
of digital currencies.
And yet, at the same time,
it's kind of scary for people.
Because they see
the grandpa of them
all-- bitcoin doing this
wild ride up and down.
And everyone is
afraid to tiptoe in.
They're not quite sure
what to do with this story.
Where does that--
>>GILLETTE: That's
because it's dark.
>>REGINA: Tell me about that.
>>GILLETTE: There's nothing that
can be followed or verified,
but that will change.
It will evolve in its--
and mature in a way
that will be less scary.
But in this time,
there's no way.
And the bitcoin was
developed in darkness,
so that there
could be those that
wish to manipulate money to
use in a way that could not
be followed.
However, there will
be regulations.
Ultimately, if you think about
it, it's already digital money,
isn't it?
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>GILLETTE: If you walk into one
of your institutions of money--
a bank-- and you have
$100,000 in the bank
and you make a demand on
the bank for that $100,000,
they could not give it
to you in that moment,
because everything
is digital, yes?
The money can be gotten out
of storage, you might say.
But it is not readily available.
>>REGINA: So it's just
a transition to a more
digital economy, let's say?
So you don't have the--
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: --units
of currency sitting
in vaults
theoretically available
if you give them
some time to prepare.
So what does that
look like when you
have this young generation
that is adopting this more
collaborative mindset?
What does the new currencies of
the future-- what do they look
like?
And how do they operate for us?
>>GILLETTE: They will
operate with technology
just like everything is
going to technology, yes?
It already is, isn't it?
You use your telephone.
You use your computer
to do your banking,
to pay for goods and
services now, yes?
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>GILLETTE: There's no exchange
for them for the actual money
very often, is there?
>>REGINA: Less as
the days go on.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And so it becomes more
globally effective, yes?
So then there is
not these exchanges
that happen when you
travel the globe.
There will come
about an exchange
that works for all countries and
all beings on that world, yes?
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
Is that something that you see?
And I don't like to get
into time frames too much.
Because I know it's
very difficult to image
how humanity is going to respond
at any given time to something,
to give hard time frames
on much of anything.
But is this something that is
in our relatively near future?
>>GILLETTE: Not in its
full concept, not 2020.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
I mean, 2030, 2040.
Are we looking maybe
at another generation?
>>GILLETTE: Another
generation-- 2050, yes?
>>REGINA: Yes, OK.
So around 2050, we
should be seeing
what you're calling is that
kind of a globally agreed upon--
>>GILLETTE: Exchange.
Yes.
>>REGINA: --unit of exchange?
>>GILLETTE: Correct.
>>REGINA: Right.
And so people don't
need to read into that--
a cabal that is globally
dominating a currency,
so to speak?
>>GILLETTE: That's the
greater fear, isn't it?
>>REGINA: That is the fear.
That's why I bring it up.
>>GILLETTE: No.
It's just like in the--
when the century changed.
And there was such great fear
about everything shutting down
from 1999 to 2000.
Nothing happened.
Everything went
on as usual, yes?
But there was this
great buildup for years
that it was going to be
devastating for the world.
Understand this.
It's evolving as we're
sitting here moment to moment.
And it's just as
your child would
grow from infancy to adulthood.
You don't see the growth
until you go away from them
and come back.
And all of a sudden,
they've grown 6 inches, yes?
Because you're
doing it every day.
You're seeing them every day.
It's no different than this.
Just a few years
ago, you did not
have access to the internet.
That's been relatively recent.
Now, it's just
expected, isn't it?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>GILLETTE: It's normal.
It will be like that.
>>REGINA: So it's a shift just
simply born out of this shift
in consciousness--
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: --where
the people who now
seek to control, or
dominate, and manipulate
markets and that kind of
thing will simply what?
It's a matter of a
passing of an age?
People dying out?
New consciousness
replacing that?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Really, it happens
more simply in that way?
>>GILLETTE: And understand this.
With this energy, this
vibration that you're
living in now, all of that
hidden underground manipulation
is surfacing--
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>GILLETTE: --yes?
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>GILLETTE: It's like
a virus in the body
or an illness in the body
that a fever burns out.
Then the body releases on a
cellular level that old energy,
yes?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>GILLETTE: That's
what's happening now.
>>REGINA: OK, so I agree.
That's my observation as well.
And it's lovely to think
that these things just
happen as an organic expression
of an advancing consciousness.
So it just--
I think for our listeners and
our viewers, that just takes
the fear out of the notion
that a fight has to be had
and all of the rumors
of mass arrests
that are going to take place,
the cabal is going to jail,
they're all going
to be taken down,
which I think is not true.
It's fantasy to make people
feel like they have more control
in the moment.
We don't really even
need to think that way.
>>GILLETTE: No, but
you're witnessing
people that are
acting that way now,
that are in authoritative
positions, yes?
>>REGINA: Oh, yes, of course.
>>GILLETTE: Watching children
taken from their mothers--
>>REGINA: Yes, indeed.
>>GILLETTE: --yes?
And that's where the fear lies.
And there are those
fearmongers that
want to control the masses, is
being historically passed along
for centuries, yes?
It won't work anymore
with consciousness.
>>REGINA: Right.
And I've talked about
this many, many times.
But certainly on
Earth, the majority
of the news that's
disseminated is based on fear
and to create fear
in the human species.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Because it's
addictive, and it gains money.
And then that gains
advertisers through the money.
That supports the more
negative news the next day.
It's a really broken cycle.
>>GILLETTE: But it's
important for everyone
to know that you're in
contact with your higher
power, your source.
Go inside and ask if it's true.
You know.
All of you know.
However, just in
limiting beliefs,
you've accepted others'
beliefs or words rather than
the wisdom of your knowing.
So we would encourage each and
every one, when a fear comes,
go inside and ask if it's true
and where it's coming from.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
I couldn't agree more with that.
Let's look at some
other trends that
are coming up that
for a lot of people
it appears on the surface
to be very hopeful
and they're very happy about.
And one of them is the
legalization of marijuana.
So the population has access
not just to alcohol, but also
to marijuana.
In each of these things,
it has a relaxing effect
for people that are just
running too fast and fearful
and just want to drop
out and soothe the mind
for a little bit of time.
But what does that look like
long term in terms of mass use?
We kind of know where
alcohol goes because we've
lived these cultures already.
We've come out of that age.
Then we went into
the espresso age
where everyone's jacked
up on loads of caffeine.
We kind of see
where that's going.
We're moving way too fast.
And now, we're looking at
the age of mass consumption
of marijuana.
Where does that age lead?
>>GILLETTE: It has its own
level, just as alcohol has.
There will be those
who overuse out
of the limiting
beliefs we speak about,
the feelings that
are uncomfortable.
When beings learn how to
navigate their feelings,
they'll be less
abusive of the things
that they use to not feel.
So it's a matter of
recognizing, what
feelings are they avoiding?
>>REGINA: And
that's interesting.
And I bring it up, because
after World War II when
the economy started
cranking up and people
had to start caring mortgages,
and credit card debt,
and all that kind of thing,
this need to kind of relax--
the cocktail generation.
It took the soulless
in that way.
And some people overindulged.
Some people didn't,
just as you said.
But then the need to have to
now really keep up with all
that debt cranked us up.
And that's where Starbucks
and all these coffee
shops around the world--
not in the way that it was
originally used in Italy where
you have a little
espresso in the morning,
maybe a shot in the afternoon.
That's it.
That's part of the culture.
Here, give me a
quadruple venti--
four shots of espresso
to get going and four
at the end of the day, just to
keep up with the pace of life.
I get it.
I can certainly understand
why each of these things came.
And we're so wound up
now, that marijuana seems
like the perfect antidote.
>>GILLETTE: It is in many ways.
The plant itself or plants--
different varieties have
great medicinal usage.
>>REGINA: Let's talk
about that for a moment.
>>GILLETTE: So some are there
to change the mind, truly.
They are there to assist
the body as a supplement
to relieve pain,
to assist those who
have seizures of the brain--
calm.
So the medicinal aspects of it
are very strong and necessary
in certain illnesses
such as cancer--
very beneficial.
What you're speaking
about is that
which makes people
feel differently, have
an effect on the psyche, yes?
The calming effect.
That's not bad.
It is organic, dependent
upon how it's used, yes?
And there will be those who
overuse and those who do not.
What needs to be done is
the looking internally
and the changing of the
beliefs that we spoke about.
If everyone did
that, they would not
feel the need to cover
over uncomfortable feelings
about the self.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And one of the things that
was brought to my attention
relatively recently is from
the world of neuroscience.
Because I've always
kind of gone along
with the standard
story that this is--
in terms of the toxic
effects, better than alcohol,
for example, they say,
and that there were really
no long-term effects.
But the more I'm starting to
look into it and especially
after coming into contact
with one neuroscientist, which
was talking about
how this suppresses
the dopamine cycle
in the brain, this
is why-- the overuse of it.
This is why I'm
talking about it.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: If it suppresses the
dopamine cycle in the brain
and that is our level of
discernment, our get up and go,
our feel-good chemical,
our sharpness,
and a focus in terms
of our daily hours--
if we start dulling that
down en masse too often,
that has an effect
upon society, too.
You talked about apathy.
We're trying to
overcome apathy, so we
need that crispness, that
sharpness of mind to navigate.
And my concern
is, is it possible
that that's going to be dulled
down more en masse with this?
>>GILLETTE: That was the
concern about alcohol as well,
anything--
>>REGINA: Yes, that is true.
>>GILLETTE: --that alters--
>>REGINA: That's true.
Yeah.
>>GILLETTE: --the
state of being, yes?
And look what's
happened in society.
It continues to expand.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: And there
is that expansion to--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>REGINA: So not
to be too concerned
about this dopamine cycle issue?
>>GILLETTE: No.
>>REGINA: OK,
that's good to know.
Because I thought, don't
want some kind of soma,
basically putting everybody into
an apathetic or over-relaxed
state where you're not really
engaged with your own life.
>>GILLETTE: It's
already happened,
and it wasn't by
substance abuse.
>>REGINA: Oh, yes.
Please, go ahead.
>>GILLETTE: It is that others
have given their power away--
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes, absolutely true.
>>GILLETTE: --and are not
believing that they had any.
>>REGINA: That's very true.
>>GILLETTE: And so it lulled
them to sleep into the apathy
that others would
take care of them.
They didn't have to do anything.
>>REGINA: So a little
weed, a glass of wine.
It's nothing compared to
the growth and expansion
of consciousness if
we take responsibility
for our own integration and
get rid of those beliefs.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
And the energy that is about
the planet now inspires people--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: --rather
than take away from them.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: It's inspirational.
>>REGINA: It is.
Now, before we get
into some of that
and what our potentials
are and also,
some of the ancient past and
what's being brought forward,
I want to get to
one other thing that
is probably one of
the primary concerning
things for our audience--
people that you're
speaking with right now.
And that's the introduction
of a technology called
5G, which is very
powerful radiation
that'll boost our signals
on our cell phone devices
to make us connected even
faster, so as if we're not--
it's not fast enough.
But the effects
that this is said
to have on our bodies
and our brains--
it sounds very dystopian.
Can you talk a little
bit about this--
what the--
>>GILLETTE: There are many--
>>REGINA: --truth is?
>>GILLETTE: --things that are
happening in your world that do
affect you physically--
chemicals.
But what you're speaking about
is vibrational frequencies.
>>REGINA: Yes,
vibrational frequencies.
>>GILLETTE: They're
around you anyway.
>>REGINA: So this boost
in those-- with those--
the increase in the
frequencies in the microwaves
and the number of
the towers and such--
do you see it, if you
look down the road a bit,
as having a significant
effect on us?
Or is it something that will be
ameliorated by something else?
>>GILLETTE: It will be
ameliorated by other things.
But it's also that the human
physical body is adjusting.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And that's the next question
I was going to get to.
Let's talk about our
adaptability as a mechanism,
as a bioelectric mechanism.
>>GILLETTE: Yes, you are.
And understand this.
The human body is miraculous.
It is constantly
trying to achieve
its homeostasis, its balance,
its full health spectrum.
And as you become
aware of that, you
can assist it through diet and
all the good health habits,
yes?
Sleep, hydration,
exercise, and listening.
The body will tell you
exactly what it needs
and where it's out of
balance if you pay attention.
And that is why integrative
medicine is becoming
so well known and evolving now.
Because people are
realizing to have medicine--
the body, mind, spirit in
its truth of taking all
into account those aspects--
emotions.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: And so
this is another place
that each person can
take their own counsel,
find collaborative
medical assistance,
and work together in concert
for optimum health, yes?
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And I think everyone listening
will agree with that.
As far as the body's
ability to adapt,
maybe you can comment on one
other challenge of the past,
and that was
radiation poisoning.
We look back to
World War II and what
we did in Japan, for example.
Now, you hear people today
talking about radiation
poisoning, saying,
oh, just a little
bit of this particular element
or that particular element
and it lasts--
its half life is 500,000 years.
But then you look at the
reality that Hiroshima--
60 years later is
a thriving city
alive with human beings whose
bodies transcended whatever
that toxic radiation was.
And I've heard from
other people as well
that have been
exposed to radiation
that in one extreme case
said, oh, I was excited
when I heard about Fukushima.
Because she'd been exposed to
radiation throughout her life.
And it's like her being was
almost like craving radiation
exposure, which is hard
for us to understand.
But let's talk about
that for a moment.
>>GILLETTE: The body does
adjust to its environment.
That's how all animals--
and humans are animals--
have evolved to the environment.
And radiation is
used in positive ways
for certain diseases, yes?
But what assists one who
has had radiation is oxygen.
Oxygen-- that is why deep
breathing is so important.
Most humans breathe
shallowly, just enough
to keep themselves alive.
So if one remembers to take
deep breaths exhaling audibly,
letting go of the toxins,
disease cannot live
in an oxygenated form.
>>REGINA: And so
any and all ways
in which to oxygenate
the body is really
kind of the antidote to a
whole lot of these toxins.
And would you say even
frequency exposure, even
radiation exposure?
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Oxygen, oxygen,
oxygen, and hydrogen--
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Oxygen?
>>REGINA: OK.
Well, that's good.
That's simple, direct.
There are technologies
out there that address
just that, so if we do
some of these things.
And again, what you said
earlier, listen to the body.
Just live in the
healthiest manner
we know to do as our body is--
our mind-body complex
is directing us to do.
>>GILLETTE: It is
also important--
your thoughts.
So if you're doing
something that you
know is probably not the
best for your health,
don't add to it by thinking
about it as being negative.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
So if we're-- and if these
things are being rolled out
and happening anyway, then
there's no point in going
into any kind of debilitating
fear over it, anger--
>>GILLETTE: It just gives it--
>>REGINA: --over it.
>>GILLETTE: --more
power in your body.
Because you're agreeing that
it's going to be negative, yes?
>>REGINA: Right, right, right.
Yeah.
No, that makes total sense.
And like I said, I always think
back to Nagasaki and Hiroshima.
Life is happening.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Bodies adapt.
>>GILLETTE: That's correct.
>>REGINA: And the wave of people
they thought was going to be
dying of radiation
exposure after the accident
at Fukushima--
I don't know that it's panning
out the way it was feared.
>>GILLETTE: Most fears aren't.
Fear and faith ask the
same thing of you--
to believe in something
that's unseen.
>>REGINA: Yes-- and to give
your credibility and devotion
to that.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
So we encourage
you to have faith.
We're not talking
about religion.
We're talking about faith,
belief in the highest good.
>>REGINA: And belief in our
own genius, our own body,
our own soul's genius--
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: --that we chose these
incarnations at this time.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: We didn't come here
to be debilitated and die
from toxic exposure.
We came here to obviously
learn to expand and transcend.
>>GILLETTE: That's correct.
And that's why you've
chosen to embody
in this time of grand change.
It's an exquisite
time to be alive.
>>REGINA: Thank you for that.
I think people will
enjoy hearing that.
I would like to take us back a
little bit, way back, actually.
And there's a reason for that.
It's going to come up later on
some future shows with Gaia,
so I want to bring it up now.
And that is to take us back
into the golden ages of what
was the great
continent of Atlantis.
And if you can talk to us
a little bit about Atlantis
and what the life
in its highest times
represented at that time,
what it looked like.
>>GILLETTE: It was not
unlike your world today--
refined, beings using
their personal power
not from fear or
aggression, but in that
knowing of the divine
essence in each one
and the evolution of that.
The Atlanteans were about
education, and awareness,
and understanding.
That group of beings
were supported
and supportive of
raising consciousness.
>>REGINA: At the same
time, they were believed--
because all we have is what?
The remnants of stories,
really, believed
to have had also very
advanced technologies--
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: --advanced
architecture,
advanced agriculture.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Can you comment
on all of those things--
the technology?
And I specifically
would like to have
you talk about the
technologies that
were driven by what was referred
to as the Great Crystal--
crystal technologies.
>>GILLETTE: Everything
is crystalline
broken down into
form, has geometrics
to it as crystals do, yes?
And so the thinkers
of that time--
the awareness of that in the
crystalline form and those
forms just like your
DNA have structure, yes?
So they became
aware of structure
from a vibrational
sense and began
using it in buildings, in their
technology that up-leveled
everything that then, in
turn, up-leveled awareness,
and connectedness,
and understanding.
>>REGINA: So the Great
Crystal was not just
a function of driving
technology of the day or maybe
transportation of the day.
And if you would go into the
transportation of the day,
I would appreciate it.
Because it seems it's very
important for us to understand
flight is not new to this--
>>GILLETTE: No.
>>REGINA: --planet
of this last century.
Flight has always been
there, which explains
for a lot of anomalies.
So if you could explain
to us about the crystal
and understanding of
technology and transportation
devices of the day,
that would be one area.
>>GILLETTE: Well, the
crystalline technology
is used today, isn't it?
A rediscovery of
it that occurred
from those who had
been in Atlantis,
for understand this-- the Earth
is one choice of experience.
And in those thousands
of years past,
Atlantis was a choice, just like
you are in this party today.
But, no, it's only one choice.
And so those beings
on this planet
speak of aliens and flight.
And it's been always
for thousands,
upon thousands, and thousands
of years in your linear time,
and that there are
other universes.
There are those that are in
flight and come to this planet
unseen with their technology.
But you speak of aliens.
Imagine that you are them.
You've just chosen a different
body and a different place
to navigate from on
this Earth, rather than
from another source,
or planet, or system.
Atlantis was like
this, only there
was this awareness
of that existence
and using all that knowledge.
>>REGINA: As in collaboration
between visiting species
and the people that lived
in Atlantis at the time,
there was open communication
with other species.
And--
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: --technology and
technological knowledge
was shared.
>>GILLETTE: That's correct,
but understand this.
They also knew that they
were one and the same.
Because each had had experiences
in those other realms,
those other places and
had come to the Earth
to experience Earth, and that
it was necessary to collaborate
for everybody's knowledge.
>>REGINA: It wasn't an
us and them back then--
>>GILLETTE: No.
>>REGINA: --us versus them.
And some of the human
species that existed--
and I've read this and heard
this from other sources
as well.
We were different.
We were larger in stature.
We lived longer in years.
Can you speak about
that, what are--
as humans or even human
hybrids, our physical bodies
were like, our states of
health, and our lifespans?
And please just talk about that.
>>GILLETTE: They were
larger and of better health,
better awareness of how
to maintain that as well.
But that's what is evolving
now on this planet, isn't it?
Understand this.
If you live to 90 in this
body with good health,
the possibility of being
140 is very viable.
And this is what happened
on Atlantis, you see?
So you're evolving
as human species
to this higher
state of awareness--
health.
And when one recognizes one's
own divinity, if you would,
alignment to source
energetically speaking,
releasing beliefs that you
are not worthy of that,
you release all of the emotional
blockages in the physical body.
The energy runs clear without
any blockage or disruption.
Then there can be full
spectrum of health,
because there's no blockage
in the physical body.
And that's what
occurred in Atlantis.
>>REGINA: And what
were the lifespans?
And I know it varied throughout
the many, many thousands
of years' history of Atlantis,
but the general lifespans
of Atlanteans at that time?
>>GILLETTE: Over 100.
>>REGINA: Sometimes
they talk of them
living into the several hundreds
of years in the earlier phases.
>>GILLETTE: It was possible
because they didn't
have the emotional blockage.
>>REGINA: And when we speak
about these people-- and I
bring this up.
Because one interest
right now that's growing
is these large statured-- would
appear to be human beings.
We call them giants, right?
Are being found in the
areas that could have easily
been accessible to anyone
who had left Atlantis,
especially prior to one
of the destructions, which
were known about.
It was understood
that it was unstable.
These bodies are being found
all over of all these varying
heights rimming the Atlantic.
Can you talk about
that a little bit?
>>GILLETTE: That's been true.
They've already been found
and as a confirmation
or affirmation of what
has been before, but also,
an awareness of what will be.
>>REGINA: So that we may start--
again, we're seeing children.
The subsequent
generations of people
are gaining in size again.
>>GILLETTE: Larger.
Yes-- and have been in these
centuries most recently past.
>>REGINA: So this is a
marker of where we've been.
And from whatever has happened
through our own belief
systems, and tribal belief
systems, and so forth,
we're now the size.
And we're the length of lifespan
we are for various reasons that
have limited us.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: And now, we're
going to be expanding back
into these giant-sized
frames, ultimately, and also
into these longer lifespans.
>>GILLETTE: That's true.
Because not only are
you going to experience
this fifth dimension, which is
a part of this consciousness
shifting in awareness that
is coming forth releasing
the limitedness of
the human experience,
then it allows for that greater
expansion in each and everyone
perceiving and acting
in life differently
from that centered point of
view that we spoke about--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: --of
unconditional love.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: And moving into
the sixth dimensionary energy,
you will see the larger form
and that collaboration amongst
humans on Earth and even
what you call aliens--
friend.
Aliens-- it's an interesting
road, isn't it-- we find that?
>>REGINA: It's used in
many ways here on Earth.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
Yes.
>>REGINA: But all as a means--
>>GILLETTE: Something other of.
>>REGINA: --to
divide and separate.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Exactly.
>>GILLETTE: But realizing that
you have all the same desired
outcome for this universe.
>>REGINA: Well-- and
part of the reason
I brought this up is
because I personally
had had an unusual experience
a number of years ago
in which I found
myself interacting
with someone on Earth.
But suddenly, it was almost
like "Alice in Wonderland."
I was back in what appeared
to be an Atlantean form.
And I was probably in the
neighborhood of 10 to 12 feet
tall.
And I remember the
feelings of it.
And I remember-- I've had
other remembrances of life
in Atlantis and even before of
this more perfected environment
in terms of our agriculture,
our understanding, our food
consumption, how we were in
harmony with our environment
in terms of our
support of our health
through our food
supplies and such,
and that it was
not unusual to be
10 or 12 feet tall at
that time, from what
I was seeing in my body
from that perspective.
>>GILLETTE: Can you
imagine somebody
in the early 1900s
or 1800s standing
next to one of your
sports celebrities?
>>REGINA: Yes.
Now, we were already 8
foot, 5", 6", almost--
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: 9 feet tall.
Absolutely.
>>GILLETTE: They could
not imagine, yes?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: But you take
it for granted, don't you?
>>REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
>>GILLETTE: That it just is.
>>REGINA: So we're headed
back that direction.
And we're discovering
what has been.
And it'll be
interesting to start
getting some genetic testing
done on some of these bones
that are now being
discovered around
and see what we define by way
of human, human-hybrid, alien,
and all this different DNA.
>>GILLETTE: It will
be interesting.
Yes.
But what is fascinating is
that your science is evolving
to allow that to occur.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: It's time for it.
>>REGINA: Yes, indeed.
And may I share another
little vision I had one time?
Because I don't think
it's a unique vision.
I think other people have
had the same thing going
into our future, OK?
And again, this harmony
living with nature--
what I saw as I
was in a little--
almost like a little bubble,
a little dome house that
could be easily transportable.
And you could transport
it to the area
you needed to be for the state
of your health in that moment
and what you wish to
experience and consume
from a given region
that had certain herbs
and plants available.
It had a plasma screen,
no wires or electricity
as we know it now, that was--
you could communicate
through to people
really anywhere you wished.
>>GILLETTE: That's coming.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And that was-- it was actually
a very clean, very simple, very
connected reality, but we
were definitely connected back
with the land again.
>>GILLETTE: Yes, as we said,
this is an exquisite planet.
It is a privilege to be
human, to have the Earth
suit, your Earth
body to navigate
the beauty of this planet and
that full recognition of it.
And that is what is coming in
the consciousness of humanity.
>>REGINA: So that vision
wasn't that far off of what
we will know down the road?
>>GILLETTE: Correct.
>>REGINA: It was beautiful.
And I wasn't the only
one that had that vision.
>>GILLETTE: Understand this.
It's a poor mind or memory that
can only go backwards, yes?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: You all
have the ability
to envision your future, to go
into the future self and know.
>>REGINA: And maybe
some of that is
possible by viewing
into our deep past
and seeing the splendor
that existed before.
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: And many Atlanteans
are here now and Lumerians,
but are here now remembering.
>>GILLETTE: That's correct.
And understand this-- what
the fifth dimensionary energy
or vibration does--
frequency allows
you to recognize
your multi-dimensionality,
so that you can
move in all those directions.
>>REGINA: And it is.
It's much more hopeful when
you can go into the deep past
and see how splendid it
once was technologically,
before any corruption, and
competition, and weaponry,
and all that sort of thing.
That's how we got in
this state we're in now--
>>GILLETTE: Yes.
>>REGINA: --but to see
that we can just as easily
end our evolving past that.
>>GILLETTE: Because you're
changing your minds.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: And that's
where it changes,
a new way of
thinking and changing
the neural pathways in your
brain from the old ways
of thinking of limitation to
new creativity and expansion.
The old will not work.
>>REGINA: Indeed.
And on that note, thank
you so much, THEO.
And we very much all
appreciate your coming
through to share this
information with us.
And we wish you well.
And we'll come back and allow
Sheila to come back with us.
>>GILLETTE: We appreciate
the opportunity
to be of service onto you.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
>>GILLETTE: We are complete.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>GILLETTE: God's love onto you.
Good day.
>>REGINA: Good day.
Thank you.
Hello, Sheila.
>>GILLETTE: Hi, Regina.
>>REGINA: Well, we've
been to Atlantis.
We've been to the future.
We've been to technology.
We've been through radiation.
>>GILLETTE: Oh, boy.
>>REGINA: We've been through a
spectrum and a little of which
you remember, I know.
Because that doesn't really
work that way for you.
You're gone.
And so I'm just letting
you know that's what--
>>GILLETTE: Thank you.
>>REGINA: --we've been up
to since you've been gone.
>>GILLETTE: Well, I look forward
to hearing it and seeing it.
>>REGINA: And I
want to thank you
for the chat we had at the
very beginning, the first part
of this show.
I think it's very
helpful for people
to really understand,
whether we like it or not,
we're expanding our
awareness and consciousness.
And it's going ultimately
in a very good direction.
And I think we can see it in
the eyes of these little people
that are being born now.
These young people
just have a type
of awareness,
understanding, and light
that I think the previous
generations didn't
exhibit in that way.
>>GILLETTE: That's true.
And over the years, the
fear has taken over.
And we need to realize
we're more than that.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
We are more than that.
And we're going in
a good direction.
>>GILLETTE: Yes, we are.
>>REGINA: Thank you so much,
Sheila, and happy birthday.
>>GILLETTE: Oh,
thank you so much.
It's good to be with you.
>>REGINA: We did this last year.
>>GILLETTE: We did.
>>REGINA: Can you believe that?
Last time I saw you, it was
birthday celebration time.
>>GILLETTE: It was.
And so it's a great
birthday gift.
Thank you so much.
>>REGINA: For all of
us, thank you so much.
You can learn more about
Sheila and THEO's work
by going to asktheo.com.
They have regular events to
join in with and master classes
as well.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]